priest I had to fly boat to the
shot
took me a
push it wrapped up gonna booze me nah
ain't going for the okie go for gold for
the dual Mr Justice move yeah me let me
get on out of here you too let's go
check it out take a journey somebody dog
bark I heard this morning well here we
go you too we got all year and tell you
about the hood first youtube now we came
up with a situation with the hood found
out that the hood was to rip from this
tire always over there now so we
couldn't be pet it so he's going to pick
up the hood right now YouTube right now
but Hillary got oh I said uh on them see
if you can see it ain't got that much
just a little bit here light right here
let's see just actually got red flakes
in it you might see it from a different
angle but uh let me see it got rid of
place and trying to get the right light
on it you know this is fluorescent so
it's actually a soft white like but
although you go you see it I got red
flakes in on you to see that now I gotta
wet Santa buff the car to see boom you
see the red flakes I don't know if you
see him you too but I say this light is
too soft white in his light but um it's
reflation that you to your better see it
when I was saying buffett but uh that
the flip-flop too it's dirty so they've
got off of its don't understand is dirty
I got a waist and a buffalo you too but
this is the so much like paint so bright
I said this that polar white is so
bright white you can barely see the
array of flexing that I said I didn't go
heavy on the flakes know just where I
don't want to go too heavy on the flick
but then there then the right light of
catch it
I did it like that because I want to
clap too much with the chameleon Pat you
know I'm saying they've been too much
going on again but let me let me take
you for a walk through it on these the
room is going on and off in the paint a
month 24 is jj's these when they came
off my Cadillac yeah i'm saying so we're
gonna put them on here you're gonna do
this same two-tone color we did on that
so these are rounds these are the runs
right y'all let's sit up here we go I
said this is this a little little
gussied up see I'm moving around look
dust so yeah it's nothing to fear but
yeah here we go y'all should I said I
still got to open it for my to rally
stripes see on there I'm gonna open for
my ride astride the sides are all paid
already see the shine on them but the
goddess right remembers going here here
Sam of course template year here we go
stick I take it I'm taking off to you
also like I said I just came back out
here to finish taking this off at all
looking good day so today I should be
wet sanding and buffing you're on top of
that today's you to worse we're sending
but it's just pretty I got to clean them
up so I still can see the shine and I
said wet sand and buff gonna have it
nice and ride it ty you see that oh not
easy to read easy grade now so the other
light was too tripped out but see the
red flakes I wouldn't like would I go
too heavy with it you don't want to put
too much in there like Sega's already
got a chameleon going so far I went
heavy with the red flakes i zoom in on
so you know they're unsure about stuff
so did it lightning
Sam Sann said they're flipping flipping
check that corner Oh coming right boom
see there it's all good though y'all I
can clean it up you really don't see you
then put the other to ride his pipes on
there and the ones on the hood like I
say he's going to get that hood as we
speak right now I hope he's out the junk
yard d take care of who it real quick
and get it credit like it this is the
joint chopped off miss you haven't
wrapped tight and the reason why didn't
the buff out the disp off reading go i'd
suck the spot first cuz I new stuff like
this is going on see that you see the
little old spray got between the tape
which is no problem what Santa buff
gonna move on let's uh let's kind of wet
sanded move have them smooth I like i
said you feel I'm sorry I'm not gonna
sit up here huh so y'all his whole foot
is you need tennis paper office so catch
you guys on the flip my add this line
and back math this man shoot this little
area which is no problem so I'll catch
you guys on the next video